Okay so
I'm gonna give you these graphs here.
And I want you to find the shortest
path between these two different things.
So everything that is a two in
this is point A or point B, right?
It's one of the points I want you to
find the shortest path between the twos.
And anything that is a one,
is a wall right?
So you can't go through ones.
Okay, and these just get more and
more complex.
And I also give you if you wanna
check the edge cases right?
So this one for example they're
right next to each other, and
in this one it's actually impossible.
But again,
this is extra credit down here so
don't worry about this I'm more
concerned about these ones.
This one, it's kinda hard to see but
this is actually a spiraling graph right?
So the two here is, this is possible but
you can see here it
spirals through this wall.
So this one's pretty difficult.
I would recommend just taking
this one at a time, right?
So instead of saying
all these all at once,
I would just start with the four by four.
And then I would just say,
start skip this one,
.skip this one, and
.skip this one down here and
just worry about the 4
by 4 one at first and
then worry about the 6 by 6, and
I would work for it that way.
The other thing that I gave you here is I
wrote this ridiculously colorful logger.
So if you want something that's gonna kind
of help you visualize what's happening
with your maze, this will help you.
You have to give it an array of arrays,
sorry an array of objects.
And that has to have an opened by and
a number, zero means no one owns it.
One means it's owned by A and
two means it's owned by two.
So let's see if I can, there we go.
This is what this object has to
look like for this logger to work.
The close to be true or false where
if it's true it's a unpassable wall.
And then the length is how far it is
away from the node that you're tracking.
So let's just pop in here and
I can show you what that looks like.
Log maze there and log maze there, okay?
And then let's run these again so
you can kind of see what that looks like.
Play.
So this is what it ends up
logging out is these mazes.
So you can see this as the 15 by 15 one,
0 0 is where it starts right?
And 0 0 here.
The green ones are visited by A, the red
ones or pink ones are visited by B.
So that's what this logger
thing will do for you.
It'll show you step by step,
you can see the path finding
algorithm working here, right?
So these double dots represent
places that it hasn't visited yet.
And the Xs represent the waltz.
So use that if you want
to you don't have to.
I just found it easy for me to kind of
visualize how things were pathfinding.
Okay, any questions about any of this?
>> Besides being fun, why is it useful?
>> There, I have found, well I guess
one is just applying breadth traversal.
And I'm actually trying to show you less
why pathfinding and mazes is useful, and
I'm actually trying to have more show you
why breadth first traversal is just used
everywhere and
you probably don't even realize it.
Like the ability to find how near
something is to something else is
extremely useful.
So that's probably the core concept
I want you to take away from that.
Secondly I have been asked this exact
question in interview with large tech
company that probably shouldn't
tell you which one it was, but
one you've heard of we'll go with that.
So this will be useful in interviews,
to it is fun.
[LAUGH] And do I have reason number three?
I don't know.
If I guess you end up working on
the Google Maps team this will probably be
something that you might think about.
But beyond that,
I don't know if I've actually had to find
how near two things are on a graph before.
I have had to use, graph traversal,
but not necessarily pathfinding.